# Kicks

A tool to render obj sequences using Arnold.

Maya and Arnold(MtoA) are designed for 3D artists. Therefore, it may not be user-friendly to people in the computer graphics community due to the difference in use cases. There are two major drawbacks to relying on Maya and Arnold solely for graphics paper demo rendering:

1. Instead of prescribed and interpolated in Maya, the obj sequences to be rendered are usually generated by physics-based simulators and imported into Maya. Such sequences may be long and therefore space-consuming. As a result, the scene file for a graphics paper demo is usually larger than 5G. Maya will be slow and crash-prone for such large projects. However, in most cases, we do not need all those obj files in the project as we do not need to modify them. Instead, we should load only a few *key frames* into Maya to test the camera, lighting and shaders and apply the settings to all other obj files in the sequence.
2. Arnold is notorious for its memory management. From my experience with MtoA on both Linux and Windows, the `Render Sequence` function of Arnold has memory leak issues, which lead to crashes after a certain number of render operations. The only thing to do is to restart the program and pick up from where Maya crashed. This is truly frustrating. Normally we would want the rendering process to be automatic: just start rendering and go to bed, and the results will be there tomorrow morning.

We present `kicks` to address these two issues. With `kicks`, you only need to export the render settings from Maya and `kicks` will apply the settings to the whole obj sequence. No need to load the whole obj sequence into Maya. No need to worry about Arnold crashing.

## Usage

Under construction.



